[Music]
What's up my people Bogotá and well I
stopped by here to get something to eat okay
here in the car and wants to tell you that it
's regrettable it was the cover of
Anamaría Aldo I don't know now we not only
have it on Sálvame but also
on the cover of Lectura and maybe that was
the intention that this lady had from
the beginning and that's why she was
capable of betraying her principle and
betraying her own family in fact
images of her in El Rocío and of
Ortega Cano in which you see that each
one goes their own way I think that what they
were trying to do in front of the galleries
was a farce that can't be
hidden because if they stay together as a
married couple the love is there no love is in
this flower of skin and the thing that
seemed horrible to me that she goes to Lectura not
only because they are people who have
crushed their own husband and are
crushing their husband's daughter all the time
but also that Gloria Camila has caught her
by surprise Gloria Camila found
out in this video that you  I'm going to
put it
and she was quite disappointed
well disappointed no because the truth
is she expected it and she also makes it very
clear that she is
sure that my name is in the title
my name is cited right behind the
title so that she can collect no
lamentable family the truth is that it is
lamentable to make a cover in the
magazine that is crushing your family
or the family that wants to belong and
you lend yourself to them you lend yourself to them
to crush and throw more [ __ ]
against the daughter of your partner I don't know I
left you the video of the creation of Gloria
Camila and tell me what you think in the
comments box it seems lamentable to me
the truth has been seen the feather duster is
the habit the feather duster to Ana María hey
what
appears to you from the list of Germany
please that she sends you some poisoned darts have you
not seen the interview export a
magazine and well she says that she throws with
certainty that her daughter is not doing well nor have
German and her husband I imagine that a
spotlight
taking care of you a dart I don't know what well
that maybe you were expecting some kisses
with her  father on the plate and the plan has
come to him in love of my life but well that they
already take notice of it he doesn't have to
prove it on a plate he
literally says that fevers in
bed not on a television set and
well he also talks about relationships with
health by education but as he
doesn't see too much I think that the son in
his documented when he said that everything is
going well that he was married and
private looms I wouldn't allow him to
choose to talk more I would get married
the structure
the trees and I would never allow if that
is the main title of the cover of
a nice I would allow my daughter to speak
badly of my manias
but it is clear that I have to be the
headline for corporal that you
have not talked about that you have talked about it
since it
came out on the program that you have not taken it out of
absolutely anything that
you have liked well then that I have achieved
your opinion before doing it on a
television program
well the truth is
that it talks about the relationship that you have had
some but that you are also very
happy
above all that wait for Cadiz
basically that I would not allow the
size of your country
[Music]